looks like there it goes
I always stop reading it that it
catches my breath because it's
so exciting to watch this animal
leak so far really wonder if
it's going to be safe and if
it's going to land and if
everything's going to be ok but
lo and behold the tree kangaroo
does this normally and it lands
it's fine when we catch tree
kangaroos the local hunters
climb up and disturb the animal
and treat anger is naturally to
get away from a predator their
last line of Defense's to leap
down to the ground
we call them the ghosts of the
rainforest and so it's nearly
impossible for us to walk
through this forest and actually
see the tree kangaroos cannot
that i have been studying tree
kangaroos for over 20 years and
I have never been able to
observe their behaviour in the
trees because tree kangaroos are
so elusive
we started working with national
Geographics Crittercam and that
animal actually videotapes
itself where it goes what it
does
what behavior
okay well you wanna get dressed
up a tree kangaroos are
endangered because of
overhunting and then also a lot
of their habitat has been
destroyed
ok mmm good paso we have worked
hand-in-hand with the local
landowners and hunters to create
this conservation area which
serves as a wildlife bank in
which there are safe places for
the tree kangaroos
so right now we have our group
of hunters who are out in the
forest looking for another tree
kangaroo for us to be able to
put another critter cam on
I am so incredibly elated
this is amazing we just watched
the first piece of the critter
cam and it's way beyond my
wildest imagination
I it actually brought tears to
my eyes
one of the hunters and
landowners he already pointed to
the video and said oh my gosh
that's one of the orchid species
we've never known that species
before
now we can write that down as
one of the animals food plants
it is like having a window into
their world and it's very
exciting and we've only touched
the beginning of what we can
understand about tree kangaroos